sw/README.md, before:

To build and flash with a j-link:

```bash

# First of all, don't forget to update submodules
git submodule update --init

cd sw

# Load a rom into sw/picocart64/rom.h
# `--compress` will compress the rom with a simple compression scheme.
./scripts/load_rom.py --compress my_rom.z64

mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make

# You can now flash it by holding down the BOOT button and resetting the device, then mounting the usb mass storage device, then copy the file picocart64/picocart64.uf2 to the mounted path and run `sync`.

# Alternatively, you can use openocd with a J-Link:

# Requires https://github.com/raspberrypi/openocd
# AUR package if you're on archlinux: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/openocd-raspberrypi-git
openocd -f interface/jlink.cfg -c "transport select swd; adapter_khz 1000" -f target/rp2040.cfg -c "program ./picocart64/picocart64.elf verify reset exit"

# Note! You *have* to power reset the pico after flashing it with a jlink, otherwise multicore doesn't work properly.
# Alternatively, attach a debugger, `mon reset halt`, `c`, does the trick as well. It seems that openocd's `reset run` doesn't work properly.

```

Commit message:

sw: Add note about memmap_copy_to_ram.ld

sw/README.md, after:

To build and flash with a j-link:

```bash

# First of all, don't forget to update submodules
git submodule update --init

# If you have more than 2MB flash, you need to change the SDK file src/rp2_common/pico_standard_link/memmap_copy_to_ram.ld (for now!):
# Change to: `FLASH(rx) : ORIGIN = 0x10000000, LENGTH = 16384k`


cd sw

# Load a rom into sw/picocart64/rom.h
# `--compress` will compress the rom with a simple compression scheme.
./scripts/load_rom.py --compress my_rom.z64

mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make

# You can now flash it by holding down the BOOT button and resetting the device, then mounting the usb mass storage device, then copy the file picocart64/picocart64.uf2 to the mounted path and run `sync`.

# Alternatively, you can use openocd with a J-Link:

# Requires https://github.com/raspberrypi/openocd
# AUR package if you're on archlinux: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/openocd-raspberrypi-git
openocd -f interface/jlink.cfg -c "transport select swd; adapter_khz 1000" -f target/rp2040.cfg -c "program ./picocart64/picocart64.elf verify reset exit"

# Note! You *have* to power reset the pico after flashing it with a jlink, otherwise multicore doesn't work properly.
# Alternatively, attach a debugger, `mon reset halt`, `c`, does the trick as well. It seems that openocd's `reset run` doesn't work properly.

```
